This file contains not only the JQuery configuration but bootstrap configuration also.
Other items will be JQuery validate (unobtrusive)
PageListings and others.


// TODO: Restore one file to a previous state.

Entity Framework
PagedList.MVC
bostrap version 3.3.2 - note this requires jQuery >= 1.9
JQuery Validation with Bootstrap requires jQuery >= 1.9

jQuery UI (Combined Library)
jQuery Validation
JQuery version 1.9.1
Microsoft jQuery Unobtrusive Ajax
Microsoft jQuery Unobtrusive Validation

Install First
Boostrap  

When I first looked for bootstrap, it could not find it (I'd selected all)
But, if you select nuget.org node and then re-search for bootstrap the correct select is revield
Version 3.3.4 Note it requires jQuery 1.9.1 and thus Nuget will install the required dependencies

Next..
JQuery Validation
To find JQuery Validation use the id jquery.valadate.bootstrap
Note that this requires 
Microsoft jQuery Unobtrusive Ajax
Microsoft jQuery Unobtrusive Validation
 

Last..
jQuery UI (Combined Library)

Note the packages folder has been modified according to suspicion. 
I had tried to commit the JQuery add on but Visual Studio hung. I had closed all external programs. Did a search on the internet to see if there were any solutions while the git was still in commit hang and found none.
Fouce quit Visual Studio with restart (Visual Studio – not the OS)
Reopened project.

At this point I was not able to open the View -> Other Windows - Source Control Explorer.
So I decieded to restart windows.

When I reopend from a reboot I decided to check to see if Git Source Contorl Provider was still there and yes with now way to reinstall??
I decided to reset the Tools -> Options -> Source Controll to Git Source Control Provider (was Microsoft Git provider)

It gave the message to re-start but did not, Rather it opened the viewer in another window. 
I did a restart and now I feel it works to my satifaction.

Viewed history and it appears the added Jquery files are in Git Repository

next note file: init_EF_and_others